Add 6.0.0 requirements for hosted Sentry (#2628)
getsentry/sentry-java: README.md

# Sentry Self Hosted Compatibility

Since version 3.0.0 of this SDK, Sentry version >= v20.6.0 is required. This only applies to self-hosted Sentry, if you are using [sentry.io](http://sentry.io/) no action is needed.

> Since version 6.0.0 of this SDK, Sentry version >= v21.9.0 is required or you have to manually disable sending client reports via the `sendClientReports` option. This only applies to self-hosted Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since version 6.0.0 of this SDK, Sentry version >= v21.9.0 is required or you have to manually disable sending client reports via the `sendClientReports` option. This only applies to self-hosted Sentry, if you are using [sentry.io](http://sentry.io/) no action is needed.
```

> Since version 3.0.0 of this SDK, Sentry version >= v20.6.0 is required. This only applies to on-premise Sentry, if you are using [sentry.io](http://sentry.io/) no action is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since version 3.0.0 of this SDK, Sentry version >= v20.6.0 is required. This only applies to self-hosted Sentry, if you are using [sentry.io](http://sentry.io/) no action is needed.
```
